# dear
D.E.A.R. - double-edged authorization request.

D.E.A.R. is designed to reduce the risk of site users accessing fraudulent sites acting on behalf of the original site. With the help of the D.E.A.R. system, the user before login on the site can make sure that this site gives the same answer to the same query as the original site.

The D.E.A.R. system most protects users of those sites that change their addresses from time to time. Also D.E.A.R. can be used on sites that are simultaneously located on several addresses, but belong to the same organization.

It is not necessary that the sites using the D.E.A.R. system should have the same structure. For example, it can be sites that are responsible for the various activities of the organization. In this case, the D.E.A.R. system allows the user to verify that all these sites are indeed owned by the same organization.

At github there is a free version of the program. It can:
* show the visitor of your site the response to his request. Response calculate in the form of a hash of a linked string from your key and his request. If your key is the same on all your sites, then the answer will be the same,
* show a shortened hash, obtained from the original via XOR. This answer is easier to remember for the user.

Also there is a full version of the program (cost 1 BTC). Can be sent to you by your request. It can:
* show the user a previously assigned response (this simplifies remembering of the response by the user),
* protect against more smart requests generated by fraudulent sites, under the guise of a user,
* show the user's response in the form of an image generated like a CAPTCHA, in order to reduce the probability of interception of the message by the scammer,
* send a response to the user's email instead of displaying it on the site, which excludes the possibility of interception of the response by the fraudulent site.

If the listed features are not enough, then you can contact me to order a special version of D.E.A.R. (the price is negotiable). For example:
* create template for your site in accordance with your requirements,
* customize your already existing system to provide double-edged authorization,
* the possibility of interaction of several simultaneously operating sites with a single center that generates responses,
* the possibility of using a private blockchain (or DAG) to increase the survivability of a system that has several simultaneous sites,
* any other your wishes.

If you need a full version of the program (or a version specially developed for you), you can contact me by e-mail: ilya.neba@gmail.com
